・Nobu, Nibiru ・Shigurei Shigurei
Love me or hate me
Hit me, hate me
Love me or love me
Kill me, kill me
Oh!
愛想 愛想を繋いで 太陽 虚空 潜んで
回れ 回れ 時代の 行き先に潰れて
愛想 愛想を喰らって 迷ろう 体操 連鎖まで
Let's leave, let's leave, let's go
Then let's meet again
Drowning in the music
I admit I'm incomplete
A fiction of a daydream
A lie and a true lie
Forgive me for being a failure
I don't care, let's get out of this stage
High tension of the music
I can't be quiet without a rap
Love me, love me, girl
Let's meet again
I was buying cats
Continue
Suddenly the police came to talk
Two, three more
If I get caught like this, the cat will die.
It was a decision I shouldn't have made, so I'm the only one who knows that I'm winning.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, in March 2016,
the incident where the woman and her mother and two other police officers were found at home.
Morioka Prefecture has been basing the attack on the two people by the conspiracy of a robbery.
This is what happened after the arrest.
Oe fled to his home during a job interview with a police officer in the patrol.
The officer who was chasing him found a bloodstained knife.
He was arrested in the second half.
The DNA test showed that the knife's bloodstain matched the victim's DNA.
The guard denied the crime in one fell swoop.
Even the evidence of the knife...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you wanted to look behind you, so you refused to eat.
No. He was once a doctor and was using drugs, so he was in a bad mood.
Is that a trauma?
Even if I did, I picked it up.
The bloody knife?
Why?
I was going to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know.
I can't say everything I say.
But the environment of the royal family.
Considering the NPO staff working in the dormitory,
I don't think it's a possible thing.
NPO staff?
The shelter management and self-support are the main activities for the elderly.
The security was there to take care of them as a job.
But he is not paid.
He only gets a year's salary as a salary, and he only pays for lunch and food.
Nevertheless, he is paid 50,000 yen a month as a rent.
Egu.
It seems that there are not many people who have all the goods in the house.
Furthermore, the reason for the delay in the delivery of the weapons is...
It's a decision that can't be called.
The patokai and the ambulance...
It will be a nuisance to the neighbors.
That organization is pretty gray.
Well, it's almost black gray.
However, since the disaster recovery fund has been flowing in,
the number of NPO officials who are suspicious of the management situation has increased.
It's not surprising that the price has dropped.
The possibility of Ou-e being white is 12 times higher.
First, we need to check the group's activities and tax return.
We need to check all the tenants' accounts.
I'll ask Ou-e about the situation, so you can proceed with the investigation.
Don't you think my burden is too heavy?
Can I buy a cat?
A cat?
Black-line is cheap, but they do a lot of things.
Yoron is guilty of one crime.
And murder is not a good time to be executed.
And it's possible to be sentenced to death.
It's a waste of time to do it.
Hey, Mr. Sun.
Why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes.
He's just saying what he thinks.
So, you're still the same.
It's hard for a boss to not care about money.
I wouldn't say you should open a cafe in your old age, but...
But, you're still the same.
Have you been like this for a long time?
Yeah No It actually worse than before Yeah When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to them,
and they couldn't get a fine,
and they couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do something to get the prosecution's attention.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're done with this, right?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
The weak are the strong.
That's a good thing, but...
You don't understand the courts and the police.
You're not a good judge.
You're not a good lawyer.
Well, it's fine.
We're the only ones who have a limit, without the understanding of the courts and the police.
We won't continue until the client is displeased.
They are being cornered both economically and mentally.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
Fast excessive
I, the defendant, testify not guilty
What?
Did he really win?
Not yet.
I'll be back soon.
The stolen items were not found in Oe-san's room.
There was a person who went missing right after the crime in the NPO.
And the crime was predicted by the body,
and Oe-san was on the convenience store security camera.
I'm glad Oe-san didn't commit suicide.
Thank you very much, Mr. Higuruma.
Please forgive me, Doctor.
Besides, you're still alive.
You still have a second life.
That's not it...
Thank you for believing in me.
The defense has to act with limited budget and number of people.
The police will give evidence by putting in tax and manpower.
That's fine. That's the way it works.
However, the police will not give any new evidence.
The court ruled that there was no reason to suspect the perpetrator of the crime.
The three-storied high-rise building is a small building.
The court is almost completely acquitted.
It's difficult to get a fair trial.
This trial has been a crime since the beginning.
Why are you looking at me...
with those eyes?
What's going to happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I do not hold the blame for the victims.
I have always felt that I was wrong.
But that has not been fixed.
The Goddess of Justice closes her eyes for the sake of equality.
People close their eyes for the sake of their own safety.
But I do not want to lose the hand that I have been holding on to.
I want to be the only one to open my eyes.
If this verdict is not approved, please submit the statement of appeal within 15 days including today.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Higuruma?
Everyone, go back.
Let's start over.
The sun wheel is in Shinjuku...
...Ikebukuro.
Shinjuku...
Itadori should be heading there too.
Ikebukuro, huh?
Is Shiguro there too?
Isn't it a bit late?
When will that kid bring the next turtle?
What?
What No no it not like that at all Then what is it Like this like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh and have fun.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it.
Why don't you understand?
Are you stupid?
I don't study or exercise often, but I have a high pride.
I just have to keep my spirits up and not get hurt.
That way, I won't be a burden to other people.
Sometimes I can have good thoughts.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
That student, Nishichu?
Is he a junior?
No, brakes wins.
I dare you!
Hello!
It has the opposite of power!!!
Hey!
You...
Me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro and get to Shinjuku, stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The chance of encountering the player is increasing.
There are two reasons for passing through here.
It's easy to understand the way.
There's my base nearby.
Let me take a shower.
I haven't had a good rest since yesterday.
The sun wheel is based on this theater.
I wish it hadn't moved.
Oh, thank you so much!
Thank you!
Wait!
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a Kotenpan.
Then it's okay.
I won the head of the helicopter, so I can run away.
See you!
Ah!
No...
I'm saying it...
Let's stop this already...
I'm sorry...
Itadori...
...
...Kiguruma...
Unfortunately, I'm Reggie.
You were tricked?
What's with that face? I'm not scared at all.
I'm telling you, Lady...
Don't talk.
It's a waste of time.
Who are you? What are you doing there?
You too.
Have you ever taken a bath in your clothes?
No.
I thought so. It feels good.
It feels good.
That's right.
When I was in elementary school, I liked to learn how to swim.
Recently, I've been trying to do things that I thought I shouldn't do.
I've been out of shape for more than 30 years.
You laugh?
It's a little interesting.
You're a sun cloud, right?
Yes, I am.
I want to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
No, I'm just kidding.
I just wanted to answer a lawyer who doesn't like me.
I see.
He's been like this for a while.
You have 100 points, right?
It's not a past Jutsu master who was born and raised.
It's a modern Jutsu master whose Jutsu style has evolved.
The conversation is smooth. There is room for negotiation.
Well, you passed. You passed.
It's okay now. I understand.
That Shikigami is quite strong.
It's strong in your heart, isn't it?
If you're weak, you can just kill it and that's it.
It's okay. You can be my friend.
What's that? I didn't hear that.
What do you mean?
How much do you know about the Shimezu Kaiyuu?
It's a ritual, isn't it?
It's a ritual to use the power of the players in the barrier to turn the people of Japan into a sacrifice and return them to the human world.
I won't let you do that.
What are you, a friend of Kenjaku?
I thought you were there.
A magician who is involved with Kenjaku But I out of money for now We want to finish the Shimezu Kaiyuu Oh Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the competition for this match a no
Please let me use 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll just say it for the record.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No, I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukaiyuu. Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rules of the Shime-tsukaiyuu? If the power given to me is real, the rules are real too, right?
I'm using the power of the player you just mentioned. It's probably bluffing.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of second and third place rather than bluffing.
The basis is three.
The number of players, the ability of the players, and the rules of the barrier.
If about 1,000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
However, among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a fireball or a fireball.
Only these two have already been divided into 60 sorcerers.
There must be someone in each colony who looks like them.
Only the strong remain in the early stage.
The death row is approaching.
I felt it for sure.
The barrier is too quiet.
Already.
At least here, in Tokyo No. 1.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There must be a purpose to scatter people.
The most important thing is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight more and more magicians for longer and longer.
No need for the national and the national.
If the one who broke the rules is punished like the physical law without fighting the truth, isn't that wonderful?
I admit that the rules are problematic, but I want to keep an eye on the system of the Kaiyus.
It's not going to end soon.
I want to see the rule 2 and 8, especially the rule of the Jutsu.
I think if the rules are broken, you'll die.
The death of the Kaiyus is a ritual.
If you keep doing that, all the people in this country will die.
You're a hypocrite. The death of the Kaiyus is a song of the Eizoku.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Points!
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like.
It feels better than I thought.
Shikigami.
Higuruma has 100 points.
He might have killed 20 zamaxyow.
We're not going to虎oo on him.
There's the Guardians, but we're going to fight them whatever the cost.
Noncemeno!
The Bevilligt 그래 kommer
He never
learned that this
was the al真
I'm being swallowed up by the waves that are coming and going
I'm going forward while destroying the future
Will the end come?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and scattered in a mess
I'm not afraid of anything, because I'm already empty
So, I'm sure that you'll erase this day for sure
I don't want anything anymore, I'm afraid to lose it again
It's almost morning, but the fog remains unhealed
I'll face it while certainly tracing the outline that doesn't sink
Story 1967